Don't we all.
'Petit' being a reference to Le Petit Prince, which I only thought about halfway through the sketch
Hello, island
There's a river flowing through the ocean
Blown into prime factors
It's commonly known that too much perspective can be a downer.
I don't remember her name at all, but she fell asleep on the floor in front of me.
They are six-legged spiders
Mal, Simon, Wash, Zoe, River, Kaylee, Jayne, Inara, Book.
My most famous drawing, and one of the first I did for the site
Awww.
Poisson distributions have no value over negative numbers
They're standing at the lip of the canyon, which isn't clear at all.
After reading Slashdot and BoingBoing, sometimes I have to go outside.
Just thought you should know
I went to a dinner where there was a full 10 minutes of Holy Grail quotes exchanged, with no context, in lieu of conversation.  It depressed me badly.
I once made an anniversary card for my then-girlfriend with this layout.
Sn = tin
I still wish it were true.
My brother had a ferret he loved which died since I drew this strip.  RIP.
Science joke.  You should probably just move along.
A whirlpool!
It's depressing how many of these are real shirts
I love the idea here, though of course it's not a great-quality drawing or scan.
:(
That cat has some serious periodic components
Disgusting
Hell if I know
So he's saying that God thought Hitler's art was so bad that the Holocaust was an acceptable alternative.  It's no secret that the hat guy is closely based on Aram, from Men in Hats.
Some people haven't heard of the Donner Party.  They were pioneers who got stranded and likely resorted to cannibalism.
Too good not to happen.
A comic by my brother Doug, redrawn and rewritten by me
I think about self-reference a lot.  Example: this comment.
This is actually pencil on paper, just inverted and colored
I think it's the sheep zapping the cactus and not vice-versa
A leading expert characterized the situation as 'retarded'
I do this constantly
There used to be these ads, see . . .
For the moment it's a standoff
Like a beacon
I don't want to talk about it
David did this
This was actually drawn years before Red Spiders
This one makes me wince every time I think about it
There was no alt-text until you moused over
I'm a big fan of Kurt Halsey
I hope we can stop them
No more, no less
Well, she's pretty hot.
Of course, Penny Arcade has already mocked themselves for this.  They don't care.
The malaria party was David's idea
No two adjacent circles are the same color.
The only one of these games I really played was Area 51
Bonus points if you can identify the science in question
Even the identity matrix doesn't work normally
My first try at drawing a real face in years
Opening dialogue by Scott
Opening dialogue by Scott
Opening dialogue by Scott
The Super Bowl is actually an elaborate ruse, concocted by a shadowy group in the mid sixties for this purpose.  The 'watch it for the ads' addition was a master stroke.
I bet she gets you to mow the lawn, doesn't she?
Love and circuit analysis, hand in hand at last.
Just pretend you're kidding.
It hurts to be hit there, you know
This was an actual mock conversation between me and a friend at TGiF.  The waitress walked up around panel 5 and was somewhat put off.
Medium: Pencil on paper
Nothing personal, high schoolers.
The 8th panel is my favorite
Maybe I should've tried Wexler?
And then do it again in a moment now that they're out of Star Power
It was tricky.
A term coined by my friend Beth
A tribute to Buttercup Festival
This one is from the Red Belt collection, of 'medium' difficulty.
I find so much fun in language.
:(
I used to do this all the time.
The use of the 'Garfield' character for the purposes of this parody qualifies as fair use under the Copyright Act of 1976, 17 U.S.C. sec. 107.  See Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music (92-1292), 510 U.S. 569
Of course, you don't wanna limit yourself to the strict forms of the meter.  That could get pretty difficult.
It's much better than the other one.
There's a red convertible outside my building with the license plate 'DADS MNY'.
...
As the King of All Cosmos remarked, 'Is it that it's fun, or that it lets you forget yourself?'
She's pretty sharp when provoked.
It's true, I think about this all the time.
If you're interested in the subject, Lawrence Lessig's 'Free Culture' is pretty good
You're probably thinking, 'has it been a decade?'  It's been over thirteen years, buddy.
The only downside is that it would be a little uncomfortable
She's so fat the attraction goes up as the CUBE of the distance instead of the square
We have this conversation at least once a day in my apartment
I'm sure a discussion of the reason for the disappearance of adventure games in favor of RPGs would be fascinating
Sometimes, I sit on top of parking decks and watch the sun rise.  I feel like I should have a guitar or something.
Movies that I know word-for-word, part one
This one goes out to xxCrazyPixie1987xx
Inappropriate places for the Penis Game include baby showers and terrorist attacks
I'm on the USPS No Fly List
This is true.  The lyrics are ridiculous.
#pugglewumper Tashari got me some ink pens!  I've been experimenting with them.
i love you
This was my friend David's idea
I wish I'd missed you then so I wouldn't be missing you now
He's kind of an asshole, when you think about it
It's science!
I'm like the Terminator, except with love!
It's possible.  Better to be on the safe side.
I'm not sure if this is actually true
James suggested this, and I have to agree.  It'd be much worse.
Once, long ago, I saw this girl go by.  I didn't stop and talk to her, and I've regretted it ever since.
And then it turns out they're both Tyler Durden.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a BITCH ASS SHIT FUCK DAMN
ThisadpaidforbythecounciltopromoteMicrosoftandChristianity.  Remember, The Bible is Closed Source.
I'm just trying to explain, please don't be jealous!  Man, why are all my relationships ruined by early 90's rappers?
The graph is of the magnitude of the function with the real value between 0 and 2 and the imaginary between about 35 and 40.  I've misplaced the exact parameters I used.
Chomskyists, generative linguists, and Ryan North, your days are numbered.
Gorilla, yes.  Adorable golden retriever, yes.  But it says nothing about meerkats.
God, she's such a whore.
Following this, the pong paddle went on a mission to destroy Atari headquarters and, due to a mixup, found himself inside the game The Matrix Reloaded.  Boy, was THAT ever hard to explain to him.
I woke up to find that I had scrawled the last line of this sleepily on a sheet of paper on my desk.  I shouldn't have listened to the 70's hit marathon on the way home from work the night before.
You can just see his dejection as he realizes he's the lead guitar in 'Hedgeclipper'
I don't understand why people are so disingenuous!  I just want someone to walk with!
So I'm a bad person.
Romantic comedy heroines, I'm talking to you.
You spin me right round, baby, right round, in a manner depriving me of an inertial reference frame.  Baby.
Edward Tufte's 'The Visual Display of Quantitative Information' is a fantastic book, and should be required reading for anyone in either the sciences or graphic design.
There are a lot of books on marketing out there.  I wonder if you're safest just buying the most popular one.
Uh-oh.
Sometimes when I steer shopping carts around corners, I slide them a little and pretend I'm getting the blue spark boost.
You laugh to keep from crying, you do math to keep from crying . . .
If you think the purveyors of DRM simply want to protect artists, check out chapters 13 and 14 in Free Culture, by Lawrence Lessig.  Their goal is the elimination of all culture they don't control.
I found an old tape of this episode in my family's closet.  Check the news section of the forums to see the clip!
It's not going to break the fan, bouncing a rubber ball off the wall isn't going to dent it, and the roof can hold me just fine.  You LIED!
When Guitar Hero 2 comes out I'll have fresh conversational material for MONTHS.
Yes, Eminem is wearing a sleeveless hoodie.  What of it?
It's like they got together and said 'what do we miss most from the internet in 1998?  that's right, embedded MIDI!'
YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY?
This project actually inspired a two-hour powerpoint presentation that Al Gore gave around the country.
In Connor's second thesis it is stated 'There is no fate but what we make for ourselves.'  Does the routine destroy our creativity or do we lose creativity and fall into the routine?  Anyway, who's up for a road trip!
Every computer, at the unreachable memory address 0x-1, stores a secret.  I found it, and it is that all humans ar-- SEGMENTATION FAULT.
Both the skateboards I owned were pretty cheap and broke from heavy use;  I'm gonna get a really nice one if I move to the city.
I'm currently in the I Have Cheese phase of this cycle.
I always wanted to impress them with how well I could hear, didn't you?  Also, this sets the record for number of awkward-pause panels in one strip (previously held by Achewood)
I just want to give him a hug or something.
Although bees with tires would be kinda funny.
The robot is pregnant.  It isn't mine.
Guys: while I was writing this, I accidentally swallowed a table-sized slab of drywall.  I know!  Wacky.
I really shouldn't abuse that power so heavily.
Two Hedwig references, an obscure Joey Comeau reference, and a girl with a mohawk.  Yes.
My pal Emad does this all the time.  'Hey man, which way to the airpart?'
Proper User Policy apparently means Simon Says.
I've looked into this, and I can't figure out a way to do it cheaply.  And I guess it wouldn't be sanitary.
Why would anyone ever, ever say that?  Please, nobody ever say that.
Reportedly, double-walled inflatable balls like this exist somewhere.  Now to find that place.
If you got a big keyspace, let me search it.
Scientists are also sexy, let's not forget that.
SomethingAwful has a wonderful compilation of crazy AOL searches in their Weekend Web archives, 2006-08-13.
Your IDE's color may vary.
Maybe I should let up on Megatokyo a little?
But then she does that thing with her tongue and I remember why I left you.
And she's gonna feel like a jerk when she realizes it was actually Under Pressure.
No one show this to Tycho's wife, okay?
As far as treachery-as-driving-music goes, Katamari music is matched only by Guitar Hero music.
With reasonable assumptions about latitude and body shape, how much time might she gain them?  Note: whatever the answer, sunrise always comes too soon. (Also, is it worth it if she throws up?)
His books were kinda intimidating; rappelling down through his skylight seemed like the best option.
There are so many well-meaning conservatives around here who just assume global warming is only presented as a moral issue for political reasons.
I'm not very good at meeting people.
It slowly dawns on us that our parents knew exactly what they were doing.
Why can't you have normal existential angst like all the other boys?
I'm still waiting for a chance to use 'I have to see a man about a horse'.
The fifth panel also applies to postmodernists.
I hear that these days Bill Watterson is happy just painting in the Ohio woods with his father and doesn't get any mail or talk to anyone.
This works on pretty much every level.
'Arrest me, I'm a skateboarder' is an even more obnoxious variant.
It's like the traveling salesman problem, but the endpoints are different and you can't ask your friends for help because they're sitting three seats down.
Yes, I mean she said that during sex.  Yes, it was a little weird.
I hope no automatic doors I know read this.  I would be so embarrassed.
It's an amazing time of day; the light is great for photography.
Yet one more reason I'm barred from speaking at crypto conferences.
As of this writing, Ubuntu 6.10 and Firefox 2.0 have left my computer a complete mess.
I have never been totally satisfied by the explanations for why e to the ix gives a sinusoidal wave.
IT'S ALL REAL
Sometimes I hate the internet.  Sometimes it makes me happy that 'The Tubes' has become slang for the internet so quickly.
Maybe someday science will get over its giant collective crush on Richard Feynman.  But I doubt it!
I am not making this rule up.  Although my mom wants you all to know it made perfect sense at the time.
In fact, draw all your rotational matrices sideways.  Your professors will love it!  And then they'll go home and shrink.
It's crazy how much my gut opinion of a movie/song is swayed by what other people say, regardless of how I felt coming out of the theater.
If I get a Wii, it will be the first game console I've owned.
When I say we should do something sometime, I'm secretly hoping you'll say 'Why not now?'
And watch out for that guy from comic #53.
I haven't had the patience for RPGs in a long time.
For smaller numbers he has to SAVE lives.  The birthrate channel is even more of a mixed bag.
zo'o ta jitfa .i .e'o xu do pendo mi
I hear once you've worked there for 256 days they teach you the secret of levitation.
Oh, what a pity, can't you understand . . .
The penis varies in size when flaccid and is pretty consistently about yea big when erect.  Anyway, back to the sitcom one-liners and the constant flow of spam.
For the IPv6 map just imagine the XP default desktop picture.
When designing an interface, imagine that your program is all that stands between the user and hot, sweaty, tangled-bedsheets-fingertips-digging-into-the-back sex.
The henchmen Bebop and Rocksteady have hijacked the musical genres for us just like the Lone Ranger hijacked the William Tell Overture for our parents.
I wonder what I was dreaming to prompt that.  I hope it wasn't the Richard Stallman Cirque de Soleil thing again.
To really expand your mind try some noncartesian porn.  Edwin Abbot Abbott has nothing on 'Girls on Girls in Tightly Closed Nonorientable Spaces'.
You could at least not wear the lab coat everywhere, dude.
If it's over water, and you can't get a boat or revise the rules to preserve the makeout, there is no helping you.
I pray GunPistolMan never learns the word 'sheeple'.
And the possibility of lucid dreaming just makes it that much more fascinating.
The younger folk in the audience think this is a joke.
Nonrewritable tape?
Did you shoot a man in Reno?  Now, I don't mean to pry.
It means shuffling quickly past nuns on the street with ketchup in your palms, pretending you're hiding stigmata.
Wait, forgot to escape a space.  Wheeeeee[taptaptap]eeeeee.
Man, there's future *everywhere*.
Freestyle rapping is basically applied Markov chains.
First person to bring me Wayne Coyne in a hamster ball gets a free t-shirt!  He gets one too.
The rest is fear of raptors.
If you walk out that door you'll be crossing the Rubicon with me, and that's one stream I'm not ready to cross.
'Taft in a wet t-shirt contest' is the key image here.
At least I never gave her the root password.
Real-life prospective-pairing curves over things like age can get depressing.
Also, I hear the 4th root of (9^2 + 19^2/22) is pi.
Scary thought #138: Raptors coming down the waterslide behind me.
Also, we have a fort out in the woods where we stashed that hooker's body.
It's like the squirt bottle we use with the cat.
RFC 1149.5 specifies 4 as the standard IEEE-vetted random number.
But surely I owe you an accurate answer!
One of these days me and Joey Comeau will get around to subverting the hetero-normative paradigm and fixing all this.
We lost the documentation on quantum mechanics.  You'll have to decode the regexes yourself.
Later we'll dress up like Big Oil thugs and jump Ralph Nader.
Someone bring me a pocket fan so I can drift around the yard.
(It's the TMBG Dial-a-Song line, to save you some time.)
It's really hard to control the frequency, actually.
FOR AN INTRIGUING TIME CALL
The problem with perspective is that it's bidirectional.
Yes you are!  And you're sitting there!  Hi, kitty!
You know that 'sweep the pieces off the board and see it in your mind' thing?  Doesn't work.
They'd use that Futurama episode with Fry's dog, but even spambots cry at that.
Easier to escape: n-layered nested quotes or an iron maiden?
It's easy to regret your awkward conversations but hard to regret the ones you didn't have.
Fun game: find a combination of two items that most freaks out the cashier.  Winner: pregnancy test and single coat hanger.
Alternate method: convince them to pretend it's an Etch-a-Sketch and try to erase it.
I'm reading a goddamn book, thank you very much.
Things were better before the Structuring and the Levels.
No matter how elaborately you fool yourself.
Bean actually sabotaged it just to give Dink the excuse to make that joke.
How could you choose avoiding a little pain over understanding a magic lightning machine?
I know a lot of people hate these, but I prefer them to touchpads.
I may have also tossed one of a pair of teleportation rings into the ocean, with interesting results.
The worst part is when sidewalk cracks are out-of-sync with your natural stride.
And the whole setup is just a trap to capture escaping logicians.  None of the doors actually lead out.
I occasionally do this with mile markers on the highway.
What if someone broke out of a hypothetical situation in your room right now?
We once tried playing blindfold chess on the Aerosmith ride at Disney World.
The MythBusters are even more sinister.
This is silly, of course.  The enemy will be born in the network.
The one time I tried, I got hit by a slinky going down at double speed.
Prank #11: Boston
No one wants an explanation more than us.  Except Ms. Garofalo.
Or maybe the slide is like Aslan, and gets taller as I do (except without the feeling of discomfort when I reach my teens and suddenly get the Christ stuff.)
I'm waiting for the day when, if you tell someone 'I'm from the internet', instead of laughing they just ask 'oh, what part?'
As far as I can tell, Navajo doesn't have a common word for 'zero'.  do-neh-lini means 'neutral'.
There are a lot of graduate-educated young-earth creationists.
It's like they say, you gotta fight fire with clich&eacute;s.
Well, for some value of 'actually work'.
Constantly stopping these briefings halfway through is becoming a pain.
Hey, at least I ran out of staples.
a(b+c)=(ab)+(ac).  Politicize that, bitches.
Wait, damn, I think I spotted a new email on the last refresh.
Maybe someday I'll get to write the Wikipedia article about this place!  Wait, damn, original research.
Wait, this is space -- how are you talking to me?  And, as an afterthought, what's up with the hole in reality?
Making out with yourself: now an official xkcd theme?  Troubling.
I wonder what percentage of not-obviously-busy people on the street would say yes to kite-flying with a stranger.  This looks like a job for Science!
A big obstacle in experimenting with the mind's dream-simulation-engine is holding onto the details as you wake up.  With TCMP you can bring back any information you want.
I mean, the black-and-white stuff was running backward, but it hardly mattered to the story.
It's kinda Zen when you think about it, if you don't think too hard.
We actually stand around the antivirus displays with the Mac users just waiting for someone to ask.
Sometimes I try to picture what everything would look like if the whole spectrum were compressed into the visible spectrum.  Also sometimes I try to picture your sister naked.
Trivia: Roger Daltry originally wrote 'Don't try an' Digg what we all say' but erased the second 'g' when he moved to reddit.
And now I might never get to again.
I wish I knew how to quit this so I wouldn't have to quit you.
You can look at practically any part of anything manmade around you and think 'some engineer was frustrated while designing this.'  It's a little human connection.
So as not to leave you hanging -- it was a problem with select() calls.
That shirt looks good on you, but it would look even better stuffed into the neck of a vodka bottle and flung burning through our office building's window.  Let's fucking do it and never look back.
Don't expect any leniency on late fees, though.
I don't even *want* this package!  Why did I join the stinging insect of the month club, anyway?
I have nothing to apologize for.
Out in a field, not another car for miles, silence but for the rain drumming on the sunroof, warm thick folds of the blanket hiding wordless fingertip games ...
This sequence was later reproduced in the International Tape-Extending Federation archives, retitled 'The Founding of the Sport'.
SEMI-PROTECT THE CONSTITUTION
The AYB retro-return-date (Zero Wing Zero Hour) should be around AD 2021.
General solutions get you a 50% tip.
Quick, try it with 'LOVE'.
Worries assuaged, the numbers become less important than your touches.
You can evade blue shells in Double Dash, but it is deep magic.
'I don't know, why is your beret staying on your head?' 'Staples.'
Neal Stephenson thinks it's cute to name his labels 'dengo'
Life is too short for man pages, but occasionally much too short without them.
You can search it if you want, but you may want to skip the memories of your mom.
I've seen advertisers put their URLs on chalkboards, encircled with a DNE.  They went unerased for months.  If you see this, feel free to replace the URL with xkcd.com.
Bad idea #271: Dropping into the half-pipe on a Segway.
I've just received word that the Emperor has dissolved the MIT computer science program permanently.
For scientists, this can be the hardest thing about dreams.
It's bad enough that all the families in your Sims are just you and Maggie recreated over and over.
'Here, I'll put my number in your cell pho -- wait, why is it already here?'
Fun game: try to post a YouTube comment so stupid that people realize you must be joking.  (Hint: this is impossible)
I'm always so happy that I successfully navigated the introduction that I completely forget to pay attention to the name the other person told me.
'Are you stealing those LCDs?' 'Yeah, but I'm doing it while my code compiles.'
Cue angry letters from all seven fans of Xenocide.
Okay, Lance.  For entry into the college bowl, spell 'Throbbing'
His date works for Red Hat, who hired a coach for her, too.  He advised her to 'rent lots of movies like Hitch.  Guys love those.'
Unfortunately for her, real Star Wars fans are attracted to a gal with a good force choke.
Quick, fashion a climbing harness out of cat-6 cable and follow me down.
I am never going out to buy an air conditioner with my sysadmin again.
Could be worse.  The last guy in that situation fell for one of the transient trumpeting angels.
By my count, only 48 of the 158 minutes in Live Free or Die Hard have action.  That's pathetic, guys.  Crank is better, but needs a bigger budget and more Summer Glau.
Some say the world will end in fire; some say in segfaults.
Crap, I have levitation class at 25:131.  Better set the alarm to 'cinnamon'.
The full analysis is of course much more complicated, but I can't stay to talk about it because I have a date.
The only big difference I've seen is in colors.  Where the regular text reads 'press red button', the braille reads 'press two-inch button'.
Spherical or parabolic reflectors would of course lead to aberrant behavior.
Maybe there's no tenderness in her fingertips either, but at least SHE puts out.
If you don't get this one, don't google it.
Chuck Jones is a vengeful god.
Small print: this schedule will eventually drive one stark raving mad.
My thighs have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord?
But one of the regulars in the channel is a girl!
Apple uses automated schnapps IVs.
Sometimes the best fun looks like boredom.
You can do this one in every 30 times and still have 97% positive feedback.
Time to paint another grammarian silhouette on the side of the desktop.
Her daughter is named Help I'm trapped in a driver's license factory.
Oh, yeah, we get tons of them at these casual sex bars.
Hit Turing right in the test-ees.
Hey, I don't make the rules.  It's in the book.
When I look into your eyes, I see JPEG artifacts.  I can tell by the pixels that we're wrong for each other.
We didn't actually land on the moon -- it just looked like we did because of precession.  Also, gyroscopes caused 9/11.
Wikipedia's role as brain-extension, while a little troubling, is also really cool.
You make forgetting look so easy.
The TempurPedic wineglass guy broke his ankle.
You should start giving out 'E's so I can spell FACADE or DEFACED.
That track ('Battle Without Honor or Humanity') -- like 'Ride of the Valkyries' -- improves *any* activity.
But the past was much too cramped!
Someone get that Pachelbel's Canon kid a recording contract, stat.
And she put sweet nothings in all my .conf files.  It'll take me forever to get X working again.
If you're not cool enough to do it manually, you can look up tools like Upside-Down-Ternet for playing games with people on your wifi.
Trivia: Elaine is actually her middle name.
I once asked an NSA guy whether they'd broken RSA.  And I know I can trust him, because I asked if he was lying to me and he said no.
Mrs. Roberts would have gotten up sooner, of course, but she was busy piping find ~ and find ~nomad into xargs shred, just in case.
This digital music thing will probably reach its endgame sometime in the next decade or so.  These are very exciting times.
The cola+Mentos trick is up there with corn starch+water (vibrating platter optional) in scientific coolness out of common kitchen supplies.
The TI-86 was bad enough.  I don't know how I'd have gotten through high school if I'd had a laptop+wifi.
We should probably talk about this before the wedding.
40% of OpenBSD installs lead to shark attacks.  It's their only standing security issue.
Viruses so far have been really disappointing on the 'disable the internet' front, and time is running out.  When Linux/Mac win in a decade or so the game will be over.
And I was really impressed with how they managed to shock the Goatse guy.
Sometimes an impulsive 2:00 AM cross-country trip is the only solution.
I wrote 20 short programs in Python yesterday.  It was wonderful.  Perl, I'm leaving you.
We actually reached the future about three years ago.
Facebook defines relationships.  'Yeah, we would have broken up last night, but the net connection was down.'
I first saw this problem on the Google Labs Aptitude Test.  A professor and I filled a blackboard without getting anywhere.  Have fun.
I don't know about houseflies, but we definitely caught a lot of fruit flies with our vinegar bowl.  Hooray science!
I'm glad this is so much fun because I'm not sure how we're getting down.
I'm gonna have to add something to the strum bar so it makes a clicky sound like the old controllers.  I'm so used to the feedback; the silence throws me off.
He's just jealous because everyone's up in the attic listening to Stephen Colbert.
Family going to bed at 10 PM is so much worse than jet lag.
Blade Runner: Classic, but incredibly slow.
Clearance for this Sign: 11 Feet
Never bring tequila to a key-signing party.
Did you know they can actually physically throw you out of SIGGRAPH?
'It's either 'your mom' jokes or me' 'Then I, like so many men before me, must reluctantly choose your mom.'
Ron Paul wants to put the New Republic back on the Corusca gem standard.
And sometimes I use it to retaliate against the guy upstairs with the loud girlfriend and the elliptical dish.
Zero results: 'snake charming' and 'haberdashery'.  (Things like 'car' and 'boating' and such are of course the highest, by a huge margin.)
My Redwall/Jurassic Park crossover fanfic is almost complete!
Checking whether build environment is sane ... build environment is grinning and holding a spatula.  Guess not.
Or so I hope?
But THIS guy, he might be for real!
And the journal is filled with all the things I'd say to her if I were nice like you.  I burn it when it's full.
As they're both unplugged, they do a lovely Daisy Daisy/Still Alive duet.
The universe started in 1970.  Anyone claiming to be over 38 is lying about their age.
That's my hat!  You took my hat!
Real programmers set the universal constants at the start such that the universe evolves to contain the disk with the data they want.
Of course, the assert doesn't work.
U+FDD0 is actually Unicode for the eye of the basilisk, though for safety reasons no font actually renders it.
Films need to do this more, if only to piss off the people who have to feed it into the projector.
It was also fun when those teenagers tried to egg our house and it insta-cooked the eggs in mid-air.
Oh, look, the 'make everything better' button was here behind the bookshelf all along.
But seriously, there's loads of intelligent life.  It's just not screaming constantly in all directions on the handful of frequencies we search.
It's pi plus C, of course.
What do you want me to do?  LEAVE?  Then they'll keep being wrong!
We are sexy, sexy Von Neumann machines.
Coconuts are so far down to the left they couldn't be fit on the chart.  Ever spent half an hour trying to open a coconut with a rock?  Fuck coconuts.
You can identify them ahead-of-time -- they lead with their left foot when the music starts.
Well, *I* think I'm real.  Look at me.  Look at my face.  Cut me and I'll bleed.  What more do you want?  Please don't go.
I'm as surprised as you!  I didn't think it was possible.
I never understood why someone would expect me to accept their rules right after they'd punched me.  I'm sure it's all very symbolic or something.
RIP, Gary.
I would take 'kibibyte' more seriously if it didn't sound so much like 'Kibbles N Bits'.
I'd press on them to try to unstick them, but I can't reach.  Can we try cycling day and night really fast?
On the other hand, poor Samara -- transcoded to FLV.  No one deserves that.
Last week, we busted the myth that electroweak gauge symmetry is broken by the Higgs mechanism.  We'll also examine the existence of God and whether true love exists.
Hey, when you're done draining the syrup, just leave the hole, okay?
What's the complexity class of the best linear programming cutting-plane techniques?  I couldn't find it anywhere.  Man, the Garfield guy doesn't have these problems ...
I didn't even know I *had* the Monty Python 'Lumberjack' song.
When charged particles of more than 5 TeV pass through a bubble chamber, they leave a trail of candy.
Twister would've been a much better movie if they'd cut out the bad-guy storm chaser and all the emotional romance crap.  All you need for a good movie are tornados and scientists.  Actually, that's all you need for anything.
Check it out; I've had sex with someone who's had sex with someone who's written a paper with Paul Erdos!
Oh, and, uh, if the Russian government asks, that submarine was always there.
P.P.S. I can kill you with my brain.
In lieu of mapping software, I once wrote a Perl program which, given a USB GPS receiver and a destination, printed 'LEFT' 'RIGHT' OR 'STRAIGHT' based on my heading.
To anyone I've taken on a terrible date, this is retroactively my cover story.
Unsafe vehicles, hills, and philosophy go hand in hand.
That's nothing.  I once lost my genetics, rocketry, and stripping licenses in a single incident.
I don't know what's worse -- that there exists broken-hard-drive-sound techno, or that it's not half bad.
...
ONE LAPTOP PER HAMSTER!
Oh, I think this word might mean 'Crisco'!
On Mondays I go running, so you'll have to get up early and follow along on a parallel street.  What fun!
I hear this is an option in the latest Ubuntu release.
Strip originally conceived in conversation with Jeph Jacques.  Soon to be a major motion picture.
Although maybe it's just a phase, like freshman year of college when I realized I could just buy frosting in a can.
Their biggest mistake was bringing Rachael Ray and Emeril to tour the lab and sign off on the project.  That's when Spielberg caught wind of it.
Oh, huh, so you didn't know that story?
There are at least fourteen ways this could go badly (seventeen if that fork is a dangerous crossbreed.)
It's *almost* enough to make me want to redo high school.
The question with Lucy and the football was always whether, on some level, she believed the things she said.
True story: I had to try several times to upload this comic because my ssh key was blacklisted.
'You will have hot, steamy, sweaty sex ... IN BED!'
Saturday is game night.
Protip: Even without the red spiders, never have that conversation halfway through a balloon ride.
I always figured the word 'blog' would sound *less* silly as the years went by.
I guess if she accepted irrational realities, she'd hardly be my fantasy.
There was something about a cup and a sword and a tree and a green hill ...
Ma'am, I admit that wasn't in the best taste, but you have to admire my delivery!  Ha ha, get it?  Oh God, don't throw those syringes!  Your baby's fine!
Man, this emo shit was supposed to be for people who didn't have hats.
'Pick you up at eight?' 'Nine.  I've got to re-mine the driveway.'
Under three ounces, but it stains panties.
On the other hand, physicists like to say physics is to math as sex is to masturbation.
I was there, dude.
Electric skateboards, by cost, get the equivalent of about 300 miles per gallon.  Lithium batteries just need to get cheaper.
It's easier to be an asshole to words than to people.
Did he just go crazy and jump out the window?
Okay, now just as the loss hits him, slam on the brakes.
I bet my future kids will read this someday.  DEAR FUTURE KIDS: how did you get internet in the cellar?
I love the title-text!
Friggin' modern tents don't have a single piece of rope.
At the time of this writing, Wikipedia has a wonderful article titled 'List of problems solved by Macgyver'.
Bonus strip: just read the rightmost panels straight down. 
Someday the 'in popular culture' section will have its own article with an 'in popular culture' section.  It will reference this title-text referencing it, and the blogosphere will implode.
They say if a mathematician doesn't do their great work by age eleven, they never will.
As my standard, I use going to sleep at midnight and waking up at 8 AM.
'I'm nothing without you' is a fucked-up sentiment.
And then a second one, to drain the sea.
If you think this is too hard on literary criticism, read the Wikipedia article on deconstruction.
Don't you know?  The chances of a random object being a scone are about one in six.
I'd like to see more damage assessments for hurricanes hitting New York and flooding Manhattan -- something like the 1938 Long Island Express, but aimed a bit more to the west.  It's just a matter of time.
My friend Finn tried to mail one end of the cable to me and thread the mail system.
...
This really is a true story, and she doesn't know I put it in my comic because her wifi hasn't worked for weeks.
'Don't worry, I can do it in under a minute.' 'Yes, I've noticed.'
And nothing for 'I'm glad I saw Epic Movie.'
Okay, everyone, cross yourselves, then cross the streams.
Dinosaurs totally jumped the ichthyosaur when they got rid of Brontosaurus.
Apparently Google assumes you're traveling during the ferry's normal operating hours.  We lost two hours circling that damn lake (to say nothing of the Straw Man).
It's amazing what it does for YouTube comments.
And that's *another* crypto conference I've been kicked out of.  C'mon, it's a great analogy!
This is a story all about how I started drinking.
Science should be exactly as cool as the headlines sound.  Like the 'RUSSIANS CUT APART AND REASSEMBLE DOGS' thing.
We need a special holiday to honor the countless kind souls with unsecured networks named 'linksys'.
Also no results: 1girl10000cups, 2girls(5+3i)cups, 65536girls65536cups, or 3frenchhens2turtledoves1cup.
They eventually resolved this self-reference, but Cantor's 'everything-in-the-fetish-book-twice' parties finally sunk the idea.
Oh, your brother is Luke.  Sorry, should've mentioned that first.
I THINK EVERYONE INVOLVED HERE IS CUTE.
Hey, are you friends with any hamsters?  This kite needs a passenger.
Fuck it.  I'm just going to Waffle House.
We actually divorced once over the airplane/treadmill argument.  (Preemptive response to the inevitable threads arguing about it:  you're all wrong on the internet.)
Supercollider?  I 'ardly know 'er!
An eternity later, the universe having turned out to have positive curvature and lots of mass, the boomerang hits him in the back of the head.
He continued, 'Okay, Bernanke is uncontaminated.  Find a crossbow and get him into position behind one of the columns at the Fed entrance.  This is gonna get ugly.'
Somewhere in the world, my actual grandmothers are reading this and angrily exclaiming that I never write even malformed thank-you notes.  DEAR GRANDMOMS: I AM SORRY! YOU ARE WONDERFUL PEOPLE AND THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING.  LOVE reddit.com RANDALL.
Staple guns: because duct tape can't make that 'kaCHUNK' noise.
I need a lawn, so I can yell at kids to stay off it.
Way to not support the GMA 950 under OS X, Spore.  :(
Man, I just wanted to know how babby was formed.
Interestingly, on a true vertical log plot, I think the Eiffel Tower's sides really would be straight lines.
Except for anything by Lewis Carroll or Tolkien, you get five made-up words per story.  I'm looking at you, Anathem.
Although ... who else can't wait for them to incorporate that Wiimote head-tracking stuff into games?  Man, the future's gonna be *awesome*.
The Planck length is another thousand or two pixels below the comic.
'The sad thing is that I just wanted to talk about your poor smoke-bomb techniques.'
We didn't even get to the continued fractions!
I spent more time trying to get an audible.com audio book playing than it took to listen to the book.  I have lost every other piece of DRM-locked music I have paid for.
Listen, they request that you stop submitting a listing for your house labeled 'WHERE YOU BROKE MY HEART'.
I had a really hard time not writing '... profit!'
If long tooltips / cut off for you / then upgrade from / Firefox 2 / Burma Shave
A veteran Scrabble player will spot the 'OSTRICH' option.
I started to do the tables for more famous people but it got really depressing and morbid and I had to go outside.  Hat guy wins again.
The blueprints for the Department of the Internet offices call for Ceiling Cat-themed sprinkler heads.
That helmet won't save him.
He actually installed each piece in a different car in the lot, then built a new car in the spot from the displaced pieces.  It's a confusing maneuver known as the auto-troll shuffle.
It's time to draw the line.
And they choose Al Gore as Internet Secretary.
Also, after all the warnings about filling in the bubbles completely, I spent like 30 seconds on each one.
Someday I'll be rich enough to hire Nate Silver to help make all my life decisions.  'Should I sleep with her?'  'Well, I'm showing a 35% chance it will end badly.'
The only blood these contracts are signed in is from me cutting my hand trying to open the goddamn CD case.
The Pioneer anomaly is due to the force of my love.
Also, is it just me, or do Japan and New Zealand look suspiciously similar?  Has anyone seen them at a party together?
It's totally a reasonable modern analogue.  Jefferson would have been all about crypto.
I call Rule 34 on Wolfram's Rule 34.
Every Roomba needs a dueling harness.
I understand large sample sizes are key to a low standard error of the mean, but the entire sophomore class?
Wait, what?
The MythBusters need to tackle whether a black hole from the LHC could REALLY destroy the world.
I hear my brother Ricky won his school's egg drop by leaving the egg inside the hen.
I mean, I can barely hear myself complaining about Battlestar Galactica.
For the first time ever, the phrase 'I'd like to thank everyone at 4chan for making me successful and happy' is uttered.
Friends with detriments.
I'm leaving you for your twin.  He's more mature than you by now.
Or perhaps they knew he was there, and were just trying to torment him first.
You didn't run a chemical analysis against the Shroud of Turin?  Man, all that work for NOTHING.
Except in reality crossing a stream of marshmallows would create a giant Bill Murray.
At 8 drinks, you switch the torrent from FreeBSD to Microsoft Bob.  C'mon, it'll be fun!
And the ten minutes striking up a conversation with that strange kid in homeroom sometimes matters more than every other part of high school combined.
Unless the CS students finish the robot revolution before you finish the cephalopod one.
'How could you possibly think typing 'import skynet' was a good idea?'
Obama has been writing Lincoln/Obama erotic fan fiction on his secret livejournal.  Excerpt:  Lincoln lay back on the bed, nude save for his trademark stovepipe hat.  'Tell me,' he purred seductively, as he and Obama formed a more perfect union. 'When you come, is it 10% ethanol?'
'There's also a spike on the Fourier transform at the one-month mark where --' 'You want to stop talking right now.'
I wonder what 2008 meme will go bizarrely mainstream in 2009 like Rickrolling did 2007-2008.  I Accidentally <noun>?  Yo dawg?  Place your bets now!
It's basically Pascal's Wager for the paranoid prankster.
According to River, 'adequate' vacuuming systems drain the human body at about half a liter per second.
He should be better soon -- now that the Apple Store is getting rid of DRM, Cory Doctorow will get rid of his Steve Jobs voodoo doll.
Disclaimer: I have not actually tried the beta yet.  I hear it's quite pleasant and hardly Hitler-y at all.
If you get your hands on that one, it's the worst place to have a breaking-up conversation.
Sadly, this is a true story.  At least I learned about the OS X 'say' command.
Kids are genetic experiments.  We're just experimenting responsibly!
Good thing he didn't make it smaller, or it'd need someone three inches tall to play it.
The xkcd.com sysadmin has a Q2010, and I can attest that it can handle a fall down several flight of concrete steps.  Relatedly, he's upset with me -- I hope he doesn't take revenge by messing with my site's contenDISREGARD THAT I SUCK COCKS
Just make sure you don't have it maximize instead of minimize.
'And ovaries.  Man, ovaries, huh?'  [awkward pause]  '... faithfully.'
If you think space elevators are good, but just too boring and practical, check out the 'space fountain'.
DUCKLOOP'D?
Actual actual reality: nobody cares about his secrets.  (Also, I would be hard-pressed to find that wrench for $5.)
... okay, but because you said that, we're breaking up.
I once got to second base with a basketball player.  She was so confused.
The IAU ban came after the 'redefinition of 'planet' to include the IAU president's mom' incident.
Man, this trick has saved me so many times.
Especially you mouseover-text readers.  You're the best.  <3
Listen!  They said a team of chess players coached by someone with no understanding of basketball would never be competitive in the NBA!  Well, it turns out they're pretty perceptive.
'Hey, everyone, you can totally trust that I didn't do a word count on MY edit!'
Just yesterday I bought my first non-DRM'd songs (The Last Vegas, in keeping with my 'I only listen to things from Guitar Hero' theme).
Actually, I think if all higher math professors had to write for the Simple English Wikipedia for a year, we'd be in much better shape academically.
I'm happy with my Kindle 2 so far, but if they cut off the free Wikipedia browsing, I plan to show up drunk on Jeff Bezos's lawn and refuse to leave.
Inigo/Buttercup 4eva <3
If only I had asked 4chan for ideas for what I should do to prevent this!
Surrounded by boring mysteries.
Correlation doesn't imply causation, but it does waggle its eyebrows suggestively and gesture furtively while mouthing 'look over there'.
We find you guilty of closing your torrents as soon as they finish.  Your sentence is unremovable Hungarian subtitles on everything.
It's even harder if you're an asshole who pronounces <> brackets.
If you actually do this, what really happens is Douglas Hofstadter appears and talks to you for eight hours about strange loops.
The moment their arms spun freely in our air, they were doomed -- for Man has earned his right to hold this planet against all comers, by virtue of occasionally producing someone totally batshit insane.
The same goes for the one where you're wrestling the Green Ranger in the swimming pool full of Crisco.  You guys all have that dream, right?  It's not just me.  Right?
And 0.002 dollars will NEVER equal 0.002 cents.
Like spelling 'dammit' correctly -- with two m's -- it's a troll that works best on the most literate.
I'm normally a pretty frugal person, but I still compulsively buy any R/C aircraft that's less than $30.  In the last few years, this has become a problem.
I'll concede ergonomics anecdotally, but none of the studies of Dvorak were at all rigorous (the most-cited Navy study was overseen by Dvorak himself).  And the 'slow typists down' thing is a myth.  Also EMACS RULES VI DROOLS WOOOOOOO!
Police reported three dozen cheerful bystanders, yet no one claims to have seen who did it.
I love how Google handles dimensional analysis.  Stats are ballpark and vary wildly by time of day and whether your mom is in town.
I hate being the slowest guy in the lab.
Let's invite him to a party and play 'I never'.  Okay, I never hid any bodies SOUTH of Main Street. ... he's taking a drink!
I actually remember being entertained by both the sequels while in the theater.  They just don't hold up nearly as well in later comparison.
Sure, we could stop dictators and pandemics, but we could also make the signs on every damn diagram make sense.
But I've made $13.72 already today!  Ow, stop throwing pennies.
Eventually a UN is set up.  And then a lone rebel runs down the line of flags in front of it, runs back to his base, and gets a kajillion points.
Somewhere out there is a company that has actually figured out how to enlarge penises, and it's helpless to reach potential customers.
If androids someday DO dream of electric sheep, don't forget to declare sheepCount as a long int.
This scavenger hunt is getting boring.  Let's go work on the treehouse!
They'll pick music and culture that they know annoys you.  Building in behavioral easter eggs is a fair retaliation!
Bad flu epidemics can hit young adults hardest because they provoke their powerful immune systems into overreaction, so to stay healthy spend the next few weeks drunk and sleep-deprived to keep yours suppressed.
I love Eileen / and want you to love her / When you're around / I'm one floor above her / If you could see / just how much I adore her / Oh, that pretty red dress / I'd do anything for her /  (Too ra loo ra too ra loo rye ayy)
Day six: 'The hell?  Who mails a bobcat?'
Great, and you JUST finished paying off the settlement over the Wayne Coyne hamster ball incident.
The Hammer + Captain Tightpants == Captain Hammerpants?
No, the best things about The Sarah Connor Chronicles were: (1) watching Sarah and Cameron try to pass for normal, and (2) Cameron throwing people and things through walls.  Everything else was pretty secondary.
Things are rarely just crazy enough to work, but they're frequently just crazy enough to fail hilariously.
It was actually canceled because they just noticed he's been naked under that coat the whole time.  There's a petition on Facebook to get Fox to un-cancel it, and one on Livejournal to get him to take off the coat.
It was the funniest 6.5 seconds of my life, although as usual like 80% of it was just Tom and Ray's gasping, hacking laughter.
Can't and shouldn't.
Forever comparing, never evaluating on any external scale.  If you were a sort function, you'd never break the nlogn barrier.
Completely implausible? Yes. Nevertheless, worth keeping a can of shark repellent next to the bed.
It can't be very MUCH money ... they apparently can't even afford a sampler.  I mean, with a little remixing, some of this could be kinda good!
I think I see a Mandelbrot set! No, that's just blood splatters. Golly.
You know, pep rallies weirded me out in high school, and they've only gotten creepier in retrospect.
Calling a cab means cutting into beer money.
I secretly, deep in my guilty heart, like Papyrus and don't care if it's overused. [Cue hate mail in beautifully-kerned Helvetica.]
We have met the enemy and he is us.
This happens in geek circles every so often. The 'Hey, this is just a system I can figure out easily!' is also a problem among engineers first diving into the stock market.
Wait, is that the ORIGINAL voynich manuscript?  Where did you GET that?  Wanna try playing a round of Druids and Dicotyledons?
413 nanohertz, by the way.
Programming the sexbots to enjoy sex seemed a sensible move at the time, but we didn't realize the consequences of their developing fetishes.
The G1, especially with the new Android upgrade, is way better than I originally thought.
But if you unplug everything, it gets so quiet you hear that high-pitched empty-room hum.  And then the whispers begin.
I have a thing for corrupt women.
I wonder if I still have time to go shoot a short film with Kevin Bacon.
Which is, coincidentally, the most unsettling mantlepiece decoration in my house.
Wait, no, that one also loses. How about a nice game of chess?
My favorite thing to do at parties is to talk judgmentally about people who aren't there.
People aren't going to change, for better or for worse. Technology's going to be so cool. All in all, the future will be okay! Except climate; we fucked that one up.
If this were SMBC, the alt-text drawing thingy would be a giraffe hooker fluttering her eyelashes.
By the third trimester, there will be hundreds of babies inside you.
I remember trying to log in to the original Command and Conquer servers a year or two back and feeling like I was knocking on the boarded-up gates of a ghost town. 
If only we'd chosen 1944-12-02 08:45:52 as the Unix epoch, we could've combined two doomsday scenarios into one and added a really boring scene to that Roland Emmerich movie.
'This space intentionally left blank' is less immediately provocative but more Hofstadterially confusing.
Cracked.com is another inexplicable browser narcotic.  They could write a list of '17 worst haircuts in the Ottoman Empire' and I'd read through to the end, then click on all the links at the end.
Hey, what are the odds -- five Ayn Rand fans on the same train!  Must be going to a convention.
Hurricane forums are full of excited comments about central pressure and wind speed and comparisons to Camille and 1931 and 1938, with hastily-tacked-on notes about how it will be tragic if anyone dies and they hope it's a dud.
They could say "the connection is probably lost," but it's more fun to do naive time-averaging to give you hope that if you wait around for 1,163 hours, it will finally finish.
I wanted us to try finding an approximate numeric solution, but noooo.
If you don't have an extension cord I can get that too.  Because we're friends!  Right?
Hobby: seeing how many menu selections you can get someone to go through before they realize you're not an automated system and/or hang up.
You should talk to the girl down the hall; I think you'd like her.  Lemme know if you find out why she's ordering all those colored plastic balls.
My biology grad student friends tell me that different types of alcohol don't actually have different effects. I trust their expertise, not because of the 'biology' part, but because of the 'grad student'.
My Deep Impact/Little Prince crossover fanfic has been poorly received by the community.
I hear many of you finally have smooth Flash support, but me and my Intel card are still waiting on a kernel patch somewhere in the pipeline before we can watch Jon Stewart smoothly.
Please do not try any of this and die or get arrested.
Stay while I recount the crazy TF2 kill I managed yesterday, my friends.
After somewhere around 40 hours, there's no academic reason to go to the class. Only go for the hallucinations.
A century later, the harrowing flight of the survivors from Oregon was dramatized in a popular video game.
Actually, 'RSS&M' is kinda catchy.
You know what really helps an existential crisis? Wondering how much shelf space to leave for a Terry Pratchett collection.
YEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH!
'Hey Megan, it's your father. How do I print out a flowchart?'
You can do a lot better than 1% if you start keeping track of the patterns in what numbers people pick.
There's Livejournal drama between those who want to wear human suits over fursuits and those who just take off the fursuits.
She also starts every letter with "Dear Future <your name>".
For many of the anatomy pictures on Wikipedia, I think this is actually not far from reality. They only look all formal and professional due to careful cropping.
Fine, walk away.  I'm gonna go cry into a pint of Ben&Jerry's Brownie Batter(tm) ice cream [link], then take out my frustration on a variety of great flash games from PopCap Games(r) [link].
The 2007 Bridge to Terebithia trailer put me off too much to see that particular movie, but I am cautiously optimistic about Where the Wild Things Are.
Well, the kid's definitely getting the biology geek phenotype.
Dear Peter Wiggin: This letter is to inform you that you have received enough upvotes on your reddit comments to become president of the world.  Please be at the UN tomorrow at 8:00 sharp.
Well, sex is like a velociraptor: despite your movie-fueled lifelong neurotic obsession, unlikely to be found in your house.
Let me look away and type 'guy who's just jealous that I beat all his MarioKart times' and turn back, and ... yup, there you are again!
I am so excited about the Kepler mission. This is the second most important thing our species has ever done, right behind inventing the concept of delivery pizza.
Stephen Douglas actually died soon after the debates and election, but if you demand historical accuracy in your webcomics you should be reading Hark! A Vagrant.
The Fujita Scale was replaced by the Enhanced Fujita Scale in 2007, but I think 'EF-5' sounds stupid, so I vote we just use the new measurements for assigning numbers but still call them 'F-whatever'.
Asbestos is bad; definitely get the one on the right. Wait -- this one over here has no swine flu!  Now I can't decide.
And I even got out my adorable new netbook!
More generally, with great power comes great dEnergy/dt.
Damn. Not only did he not install it, he sutured a 'Vista-Ready' sticker onto my arm.
It looks good, but it needs more postfixins.
If the dysentery graph looks historically inaccurate it's because I got all my data from Oregon Trail.
I'm teaching every 8-year-old relative to say this, and every 14-year-old to do the same thing with Toy Story.  Also, Pokemon hit the US over a decade ago and kids born after Aladdin came out will turn 18 next year.
And I could replace you with older pictures of you, from back when you looked happy.
I firmly believe that nothing can go wrong on a project if you're wearing one of those wrist things.
I mean, seriously, NOWHERE? For starters, there are like a thousand species of dinosaur.
A laptop battery contains roughly the stored energy of a hand grenade, and if shorted it ... hey!  You can't arrest me if I prove your rules inconsistent!
We live in a world where there are actual fleets of robot assassins patrolling the skies. At some point there, we left the present and entered the future.
You think it's so legendarily bad that you'll torrent it and sit through it just for the kitschy nerd cred. I, too, once thought as you did.
'Cheater!' 'Hey, gaming on wifi? You have only yourself to blame.'
Where did you even get this wall? Return it there and stand it back up right now.
Not enough houses on your block?  Just hit them at 30-year intervals from here to 2300 and get 10x the candy.
In the LotR map, up and down correspond LOOSELY to northwest and southeast respectively.
Except the people filtering in late are the partiers, so you end up with drunken makeouts in the living room and the next roommate to return home has to sleep in the hall lounge orbital.
Dad, where is Grandpa right now?
Excellent recovery: ... which we could try to use to somehow save your original brother!
I favor approval voting or IRV chiefly because they mean we might get to bring back The Bull Moose party.
It may be a fundamentally empty experience, but holy crap the Droid's 265 ppi screen is amazing.
They laugh now, but within 10 years the city's entire criminal class will have quit to work on space research.
Some engineer out there has solved P=NP and it's locked up in an electric eggbeater calibration routine.  For every 0x5f375a86 we learn about, there are thousands we never see.
Moments later, the White Witch rolls up and, confused, tries to tempt the probe with a firmware upgrade.
I bet he'll keep quiet for a couple weeks and then-- wait, did you nail a piece of scrap wood to my antique table a moment ago?
And from that day on, I wore this little 'F' key pendant everywhere I went.
What?  Oh, no, the 'Enchanted' soundtrack was just playing because Pandora's algorithms are terrible.  [silence] ... (quietly) That's how you knooooooow ...
The other two are still lost on the infinite plane of uniform density.
Wow, that's less than $200 per ... uh ... that's a good deal!
Hey, let go! We were all thinking it! Someone had to speak truth to power!
An hour later: SUGGESTION: LICK HER NIPPLE MORE.
Obligatory bad guy: This operation is sheer foolishness, and it's not happening on my watch!  Mainly because I can't figure out how to adjust the time.
On one hand, every single one of my ancestors going back billions of years has managed to figure it out.  On the other hand, that's the mother of all sampling biases.
I mean, what's more likely -- that I have uncovered fundamental flaws in this field that no one in it has ever thought about, or that I need to read a little more?  Hint: it's the one that involves less work.
If I'm such a god, why isn't Maru *my* cat?
[Shortly thereafter, at a nearby bakery] ::CRASH:: ::RUMBLE:: ::VRRRRRR:: '... I don't know, officer.  It just scooped up an entire rack of scones and drove away!'
A technology that is '20 years away' will be 20 years away indefinitely.
Physicists who want to protect traditional Christmas realize that the only way to keep from changing Christmas is not to observe it.
If you're turning 27 and were born in the Northeast, maybe you were conceived in the April blizzard of 1982. Imagine: snowed in, candles, massage oil, your mom sporting nothing but her early 80's haircut and a smile ... aren't you glad you read the title-text?
This doesn't take into account the energy imparted by orbital motion (or gravity assists or the Oberth effect), all of which can make it easier to reach outer planets.
Force-choking the chicken.
The rat's perturbed; it must sense nanobots! Code grey!  We have a Helvetica scenario!
The most brutal way I've ever seen someone handle this was 'Oh, you have a girlfriend. Are you going to get married?'  'I, uh, don't know--' 'Well, do you love her?' '...' 'Anyway, what were you saying about the movie?'
The BBC lead was 'The elusive erogenous zone said to exist in some women may be a myth, say researchers who have hunted for it.'  I couldn't read it with a straight face.
And every day it gets harder to fight the urge to su to the user and freak people out.
Or the pressure at the Earth's core will rise slightly.
The contents of any one panel are dependent on the contents of every panel including itself. The graph of panel dependencies is complete and bidirectional, and each node has a loop. The mouseover text has two hundred and forty-two characters.
Pool on the roof must've sprung a leak.
I believe the truth always lies halfway between the most extreme claims.
That card holds a refrigerator carton's worth of floppy discs, and a soda can full of those cards could hold the entire iTunes store's music library. Mmmm.
Sci-fi has energy weapons because otherwise the people like me who watch it get distracted counting shots.
I was going to be a scientist, but that seems silly now. Magical worlds exist. I've learned a huge truth about our place in the universe. I'm supposed to care about college? I mean, FUCK.
He says this is the year of Linux on the desktop! The world of Windows will fade any moment now!
On January 26th, 2274 Mars days into the mission, NASA declared Spirit a 'stationary research station', expected to stay operational for several more months until the dust buildup on its solar panels forces a final shutdown.
HOW ABOUT A NICE GAME OF STRIP GLOBAL THERMONUCLEAR WAR?
Although really, the damage was done when the party planners took the hole punch to the elevator ribbon to hang up the sign.
No, YOU stumble past a series of post-breakup hookups in a daze as you slowly realize what you've lost and how unlikely you are ever to get it back first.
Also, it's not like anyone actually calls up the Nobel committee to double-check things.
Why do all my attempts at science end with me being punched by Batman?  (P.S. benzoyl peroxide soap works great.)
You don't use science to show that you're right, you use science to become right.
I suppose that's more accurately a hare dryer.
Hey, why do YOU get to be the president of Tautology Clu-- wait, I can guess.
You want me to pick up waffle cones? Oh, right, for the wine. One sec, let me just derive your son's credit card number and I'll be on my way.
The weird sense of duty really good sysadmins have can border on the sociopathic, but it's nice to know that it stands between the forces of darkness and your cat blog's servers.
Sometimes I'm terrified to realize how many options other people have.
You'll be moved up from 49 of ~7 billion to 31 of ~7 billion.
You roll for initiative, and ... [roll] ... wow, do you ever take it.
Great, LO-M. Do you speak Bocce? I'm supposed to find one that speaks Bocce.
The Strong Collatz Conjecture states that this holds for any set of obsessively-hand-applied rules.
The reverse only works if the subject has a nervous twitch.
Using a ring to bind someone you covet into your dark and twisted world? Wow, just got the subtext there. Also, the apparently eager Beyonce would've made one badass Nazgul.
'Meet hot young singles in your mom's basement today'? Man, screw you, GeoIP.
Yes, there are a lot of longing looks across the bridge of Galactica first, but that's beside the point!
The typical internet user (who wants to share) has an IQ of 147 and a 9-inch penis. Well, better than the reverse, I guess.
We never see any time travelers because they all discover it's a huge mistake. This is also why your friend at the lab suddenly looked about a year older recently.
... go go gadget video camera.  Go go gadget cup.
Statistics suggest that there should be tons of alien encounter stories, and in practice there are tons of alien encounter stories. This is known as Fermi's Lack-of-a-Paradox.
Hey, it says here that if you dream about your teeth falling out, it means they're spreading.
To be fair, the braised and confused newt on a bed of crushed Doritos turned out to be delicious.
Also, I apologize for the time I climbed down into your world and everyone freaked out about the lesbian orgy overseen by a priest.
This is how I explain computer problems to my cat. My cat usually seems happier than me.
The USGS operates a really neat email/SMS earthquake notification service (earthquake.usgs.gov/ens/) that allows fine-grained control of notifications.
There's also a Katamari level where everything is just slightly bigger than you, and a Mario level with a star just out of reach.
The chemistry experiment had me figuratively -- and then shortly thereafter literally -- glued to my seat.
Don't click on the wing.
I mean, it's been almost twenty years. Now, it's possible you're simply embedding Windows directory paths in your URIs, but in that case you need more than just a short lecture.
Maybe we're all gonna die, but we're gonna die in *really cool ways*.
It's a lasing cat-vity!
I just caught myself idly trying to work out what that resistor mass would actually be, and realized I had self-nerd-sniped.
Telescopes and bathyscaphes and sonar probes of Scottish lakes, Tacoma Narrows bridge collapse explained with abstract phase-space maps, some x-ray slides, a music score, Minard's Napoleonic war: the most exciting new frontier is charting what's already here.
We're also stuck with blurry, juddery, slow-panning 24fps movies forever because (thanks to 60fps home video) people associate high framerates with camcorders and cheap sitcoms, and thus think good framerates look 'fake'.
In the off-seasons, I hire an animal trainer to help confront secret agents with situations which they are unable to report by radio.
Let's get dinner after we promptly destroy all the X-7 we've manufactured.
We once got grounded when we convinced the FAA to block flights through our county because of ash clouds.
Three headstones down, I got a call from my mom and it went from bad to worse.
I am firmly of the opinion that if something doesn't have a year on it, every time the expiration date rolls around it is good again for the two weeks preceding that date.
At one point, by force of childhood habit, the doctor accidentally removed three or four organs.
The article has twenty-three citations, one of which is an obscure manuscript from the 1490's and the other twenty-two are arguments on LanguageLog.
You fancy me mad. Could a madman have outsmarted the greatest electronica/techno artists of our era? Next to fall will be Roderick Usher's house/trance band.
I'm looking to virally monetize your eyeballs by selling them for transplants.
100 years later, this story remains terrifying--not because it's the local network block, but because the killer is still on IPv4.
The heartfelt tune it plays is CC licensed, and you can get it from my seed on JoinDiaspora.com whenever that project gets going.
There's nothing hotter than porn dubbed over with a poorly-mic'd teenager's voice explaining each step in a droning monotone. 'okay, we're almost at the spawn point ... separate the labia, but watch out, there are more inside them ..."
And of course I had to redo this like three times because I kept writing 'UNTIE'; I kept doing 'doing 'doing it wrong' wrong' wrong.
All those GTA marathons during the pregnancy were a bad idea.
The definitions I grew up with were that a geek is someone unusually into something (so you could have computer geeks, baseball geeks, theater geeks, etc) and nerds are (often awkward) science, math, or computer geeks. But definitions vary.
To get serious analyses of hurricanes and oil slicks, see Jeff Masters' blog. To get serious discussions of worst-case scenario thinking, see Bruce Schneier's blog. To get enough Vitamin D, don't read any blogs and go outside instead.
Volunteers needed for a study on transmission of urushiol from digital contact with thin strips of fibrous cellulose pulp.
Of course, since their cautionary tale was reported in a print newspaper, no one read it.
Parents: talk to your kids about popup blockers. Also, at some point, sex. But crucial fundamentals first!
Oh God, the tornado picked up snakes!
Also, if you read his speech at Rice, all his arguments for going to the moon work equally well as arguments for blowing up the moon, sending cloned dinosaurs into space, or constructing a towering penis-shaped obelisk on Mars.
The prereqs for CPSC 357, the class on package management, are CPSC 432, CPSC 357, and glibc2.5 or later.
Replace the pendulums with history students and you'll qualify for a grant!
News networks giving a greater voice to viewers because the social web is so popular are like a chef on the Titanic who, seeing the looming iceberg and fleeing customers, figures ice is the future and starts making snow cones.
This is also one of only five identified situations in which a vuvuzela is actually appropriate.
If at least one person has a nightmare about being swarmed by hundreds of mouse-sized dromaeosaurids, my work will have been done.
Handy exam trick: when you know the answer but not the correct derivation, derive blindly forward from the givens and backward from the answer, and join the chains once the equations start looking similar. Sometimes the graders don't notice the seam.
Someone should really bring them a ladder and remind them to build the Endless Stair *first* next time.
A breadth-first search makes a lot of sense for dating in general, actually; it suggests dating a bunch of people casually before getting serious, rather than having a series of five-year relationships one after the other.
I just call all of them 'synecdoche'.
I once worked on a friend's dad's computer. He had the hard drive divided into six partitions, C: through J:, with a 'Documents' directory tree on each one. Each new file appeared to be saved to a partition at random. I knew enough not to ask.
Cue letters from anthropology majors complaining that this view of numerolinguistic development perpetuates a widespread myth. They get to write letters like that because when you're not getting a real science degree you have a lot of free time. Zing!
Dear editors of Homeopathy Monthly: I have two small corrections for your July issue.  One, it's spelled "echinacea", and two, homeopathic medicines are no better than placebos and your entire magazine is a sham.
The exact cause of the phenomenon is unknown, but it's thought to be linked to atmospheric refraction and you getting a really cool car.
Mr. Rogers projected an air of genuine, unwavering, almost saintly pure-hearted decency. But when you look deeper, at the person behind the image ... that's exactly what you find there, too. He's exactly what he appears to be.
College Board issues aside, I have fond memories of TI-BASIC, writing in it a 3D graphing engine and a stock market analyzer. With enough patience, I could make anything ... but friends. (Although with my chatterbot experiments, I certainly tried.)
They offered to make me a green beret, but I liked my regular one. Although it gets kind of squashed under my helmet.
You know that I'll never leave you. Not as long as she's with someone.
The same people who spend their weekends at the Blogger Reenactment Festivals will whine about the anachronisms in historical movies, but no one else will care.
I understand you and your team worked hard on this, but when we said to make it more realistic, we meant the graphics.
People go to the website because they can't wait for the next alumni magazine, right? What do you mean, you want a campus map? One of our students made one as a CS class project back in '01!  You can click to zoom and everything!
'But you're using that same tactic to try to feel superior to me, too!' 'Sorry, that accusation expires after one use per conversation.'
She's a perfectly nice lady from a beautiful city, and there's no reason to be mean just because she thinks a quarterback is a river in Egypt.
I'm not listening to you.  I mean, what does a SQUIRREL know about mental health?
I'm sure they're a harmful tool of the cosmetics-industrial complex and all, but my goodness do those strips ever work to pull gunk out of your pores. I was shocked, disgusted, and vaguely fascinated by the result.
'How about a little ... *family growth*?'  'Dude, that's not until round two.'
Don't need any, thanks. I have a backscattering fetish.
There are two or three songs out there with beeps in the chorus that sound exactly like the clock radio alarm I had in high school, and hearing it makes me think my life since junior year has been a dream I'm about to wake up from.
They actually started the reversed-text practice in 1977 -- not for ease-of-reading reasons, but because too many people were driving backward down the highway blasting the Star Wars opening theme.
It gets worse! You know that wizened old monk with the gypsy wife whose voodoo shop we smash up every day after school?
Yes, I understand that the turn is half a mile past the big field, but my GPS knows that, too.  This would be easier if you weren't about to ask me to repeat it all back to you.
Sweet unintersecting dreams!
Ever notice how the more successful observational comics become, the more their jokes focus on flying and hotels?
I'm just worried that we'll all leave and you won't get to come along!
Normally, the Shuttle can't quite safely reach the orbital inclination required to pass over both those points from a Canaveral launch, but this is an alternate history in which either it launches from Vandenberg or everyone hates the Outer Banks.
I learned from Achewood that since this poem is in ballad meter, it can be sung to the tune of Gilligan's Island.  Since then, try as I might, I haven't ONCE been able to read it normally.
The tumbleweed then tried to roll off into the sunset, but due to the Old West's placement north of the subtropical ridge, the prevailing winds were in the wrong direction.
Which, at one point, led to a study showing that LSD produces no more hallucinations than a placebo.
What'll I say -- "I was staring at some cat vomit when I got the news?"
It'll be hilarious the first few times this happens.
If you need some help with the math, let me know, but that should be enough to get you started! Huh? No, I don't need to read your thesis, I can imagine roughly what it says.
I've looked through a few annotated versions of classic books, and it's shocking how much of what's in there is basically pop-culture references totally lost on us now.
'Dude, wait -- I'm not American! So my risk is basically zero!'
Since the goatee, glasses, and Seltzer & Friedberg DVD collection didn't tip you off, there will be a $20 negligence charge for this service.
dpkg: error processing package (--purge): subprocess pre-removal script returned error exit 163: OH_GOD_THEYRE_INSIDE_MY_CLOTHES
'Fucking ineffable' sounds like someone remembering how to do self-censorship halfway through a phrase.
'Guys?  The Town is supposed to be good, and I thou--' 'PHYSICIST STEPHEN HAWKING DECLARES NEW FILM BEST IN ALL SPACE AND TIME' 'No, I just heard that--' 'SHOULD SCIENCE PLAY A ROLE IN JUDGING BEN AFFLECK?' 'I don't think--' 'WHAT ABOUT MATT DAMON?'
Lucky. In MY dream, all the people who grew up loving The Giving Tree paired up with all the students who had weird dreams after reading The Metamorphosis. That one was more confusing.
Took me five tries to find the right one, but I managed to salvage our night out--if not the boat--in the end.
Best trivia I learned while working on this: 'Man, Farmville is so huge! Do you realize it's the second-biggest browser-based social-networking-centered farming game in the WORLD?' Then you wait for the listener to do a double-take.
This is a fun explanation to prepare your kids for; it's common and totally wrong. Good lines include 'why does the air have to travel on both sides at the same time?' and 'I saw the Wright brothers plane and those wings were curved the same on the top and bottom!'
The Banach-Tarski theorem was actually first developed by King Solomon, but his gruesome attempts to apply it set back set theory for centuries.
Take me down to the paradise municipality / where the grass is mauve and the girls aren't fromthisreality.
I recently had someone ask me to go get a computer and turn it on so I could restart it. He refused to move further in the script until I said I had done that.
Or love in general, for that matter. It just leads to the idea that either your love is pure, perfect, and eternal, and you are storybook-compatible in every way with no problems, or you're LYING when you say 'I love you'.
Not to be confused with 'making money selling this stuff to OTHER people who think it works', which corporate accountants and actuaries have zero problems with.
The test didn't (spoiler alert) destroy the world, but the fact that they were even doing those calculations makes theirs the coolest jobs ever.
And what about all the people who won't be able to join the community because they're terrible at making helpful and constructive co-- ... oh.
Don't worry! From the light's point of view, home and your eye are in the same place, and the journey takes no time at all! Relativity saves the day again.
I read in this one article that the breaking of electroweak symmetry is the reason we have SOULS. This guy with a degree said so!
'Upgrade to the latest version of Adobe Flash player to view THIS content, bitch.' ::triggers detonator::
And the worst part is you won't apologize.
As the CoKF approaches 0, productivity goes negative as you pull OTHER people into chair-spinning contests.
Dear Reader: Enclosed is a check for ninety-eight cents. Using your work, I have proven that this equals the amount you requested.
A universe that needed someone to observe it in order to collapse it into existence would be a pretty sorry universe indeed.
<3 If there's anything you can do, I'll let you know. For the moment, any simple distracting online games sent to sick@xkcd.com will not go unappreciated [EDIT: Holy crap 2,700 games before noon. I love you guys; thank you. They will be passed along and played by us all.]
The wolves thin the RAID arrays, removing the slowest and weakest disks to keep the average seek speed high.
Dear Wiccan readers: I understand modern Wiccans are not usually all about the curses and hexes. But Darth Vader was recently converted from Episcopalianism and he's still figuring it all out.
Resulting in The Little Rock 9x + C.
Guest comic by Jeph Jacques of Questionable Content, whose internal monologue hasn't been speaking to him for the past three years.
Guest comic by David Troupes of Buttercup Festival, who is living in that lovely tree outside your window.
Guest comic by Bill Amend of FoxTrot, an inspiration to all us nerdy-physics-majors-turned-cartoonists, of which there are an oddly large number.
Guest comic by Jeffrey Rowland of Overcompensating/Wigu.  Jeffrey is famous as the picture on the Wikipedia article on 'Necrosis'.
Guest comic by Zach Weiner of Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal. When I was stressed out, Zach gave me a talk that was really encouraging and somehow involved nanobots.
We didn't believe you at first, but we asked like three people who were at that party. They not only corroborated your story, but even said you totally mentioned wanting to start a company someday. Sorry! If this isn't enough money, let us know.
Having a positive attitude is almost tautologically good for your mental health, and extreme stress can hurt your immune system, but that doesn't mean you should feel like shit for feeling like shit.
According to a new paper published in the journal Science, reporters are unable to thrive in an arsenic-rich environment.
There's still a chance you were conceived via IVF. But we've checked your mom's college yearbook photos, and whether or not she and your father had sex, it's clear that ... listen, I know this is hard for you.
Ever notice how there aren't as many thunderstorms now as there were when you were a kid?  Much like 'the shuffle on my MP3 player has a bias', this is occasionally true but universally believed. Brains are so interesting!
The only winning move is to play, perfectly, waiting for your opponent to make a mistake.
And if you labeled your axes, I could tell you exactly how MUCH better.
STUDENTS ARE CALLING PRESIDENT JOHNSON EN MASSE TO PROTEST THE BOMBING AND IT'S JAMMED THE WHITE HOUSE SWITCHBOARD. COULD THEY COLLAPSE OUR CRITICAL PHONE SYSTEMS? HAS THE FIRST TELEPHONE WAR BEGUN? STAY TUNED FOR MORE ON THIS DANGEROUS NEW TECHNOLOGY.
Not only is that terrible in general, but you just KNOW Billy's going to open the root present first, and then everyone will have to wait while the heap is rebuilt.
At least, with p<0.05 confidence.
This also guarantees he won't be one of the ones to get a bobcat.
He sees you when you're sleeping, he knows when you're awake, he's copied on /var/spool/mail/root, so be good for goodness' sake.
We're going to have to work together to get over our hangups if we're going to learn to move on Catan's hexagonal grid. It's bad enough that we lost our crew of pawns when we passed within firing range of Battleship.
Not to be confused with Serious PuTTY, the Windows terminal client where everything is in Impact.
For years, I took the wrong lesson from that Monster Cable experiment and only listened to my music through alligator-clipped coat hangers.
I'm a solipsistic conspiracy theorist. I'm sure I must be up to something, and I will not stop until I find out what.
'Grandpa, what was it like in the Before time?' 'It was hell. People went around saying glass was a slow-flowing liquid. You folks these days don't know how good you have it.'
You can either hang out in the Android Loop or the HURD loop.
During the week, I research my character by living in his house and raising his children.
WAKE up in the MORning and my BREATH ain't PREtty / and noBODY'S gonna KISS me if my MOUTH smells SHItty / so I ALways brush my TEETH before I START on the JACK / sure, my DRINKing's out of HAND, but I'm conTROLLing my PLAQUE.
Erendil will patrol the walls of night only until the sun reaches red giant stage, engulfing the Morning Star on his brow. Light and high beauty are passing things as well.
The LINACs in the glasses frames can barely manage one MeV. You should've gone to the screening at CERN.
Fun fact: if you say this every time a professor does something to a complex-number equation that drops the imaginary part, they'll eventually move the class to another room and tell everyone else except you.
It's not our fault we caught a group on their way home from a geography bee. And they taught us that Uzbekistan is one of the world's two doubly-landlocked countries!
I hear that there are actual lyrics later on in Land of 1,000 Dances, but other than the occasional 'I said,' I've never listened long enough to hear any of them.
In Rio de Janeiro in 2016, the same jump will get an athlete 0.25% higher (>1cm) than in London four years prior.
But the windows! What if there's a voyeur watchi-- wait, now I'm turned on too.
And yet I never stop thinking, 'sure, these ingredients cost more than a restaurant meal, but think how many meals I'll get out of them! Especially since each one will have leftovers!'
'Whoa, twenty-two in two hours!' 'Your site got twenty-two hundred hits in two hours?' 'No. Twenty-two. But still, that's like half the people on the internet!'
If you Huffman-coded all the 'random' things everyone on the internet has said over the years, you'd wind up with, like, 30 or 40 bytes *tops*.
Give a man a fish, or he will destroy the only existing vial of antidote.
It's not hard when you have the same thought like 40 or 50 percent of the time.
Brains aside, I wonder how many poorly-written xkcd.com-parsing scripts will break on this title (or ;;"''{<<[' this mouseover text."
I call Rule 34 on The Secret House.
I heard the general anesthesia drugs can cause amnesia, so when I woke up mid-extraction I started taking notes on my hand so I'd remember things later. I managed 'AWAKE BUT EVERYTHING OK' before the dental assistant managed to find and confiscate all my pens.
After years of trying various methods, I broke this habit by pitting my impatience against my laziness. I decoupled the action and the neurological reward by setting up a simple 30-second delay I had to wait through, in which I couldn't do anything else, before any new page or chat client would load (and only allowed one to run at once). The urge to check all those sites magically vanished--and my 'productive' computer use was unaffected.
I hear Steven Levitt is writing a book analyzing A.J. Jacobs' quest to spend a year reading everything Malcolm Gladwell ever wrote. The audiobook will be narrated by Robert Krulwich of Radiolab.
It's hard to fit in the backseat of my flying car with my android Realdoll when we're both wearing jetpacks.
I think the IETF hit the right balance with the 128 bits thing. We can fit MAC addresses in a /64 subnet, and the nanobots will only be able to devour half the planet.
The Greeks long suspected this, but it wasn't until April 12th of 1882 that Ferdinand von Lindemann conclusively proved it when he constructed himself the most awesome birthday party possible and nobody showed up.
Birds are Aves, which is part of the clade Theropoda, which is in Saurischia, which is in Dinosauria. Those birds outside our windows are dinosaurs. We can clear out the rest of our brains because we now have the best fact.
Also in the right quadrant are NFPA-compliant chemical manufacturers and Sir Charles Wheatstone. Sharing the top with the internet libertarians are Nate Silver and several politically-active kite designers.
They have to keep the adjacent rack units empty. Otherwise, half the entries in their /var/log/syslog are just 'SERVER BELOW TRYING TO START CONVERSATION *AGAIN*.' and 'WISH THEY'D STOP GIVING HIM SO MUCH COFFEE IT SPLATTERS EVERYWHERE.'
I remember the exact moment in my childhood when I realized, while reading a flyer, that nobody would ever spend money solely to tell me they wanted to give me something for nothing. It's a much more vivid memory than the (related) parental Santa talk.
I usually respond to someone else doing something good by figuring out a reason that they're not really as good as they seem. But I've been realizing lately that there's an easier way to handle these situations, and it involves zero internet arguments.
Goldilocks' discovery of Newton's method for approximation required surprisingly few changes.
Wait, that second one is a woman?  ... wait, if that bothers me, then why doesn't ... man, this game is no fun anymore.
I never trust anyone who's more excited about success than about doing the thing they want to be successful at.
2017 called, but I couldn't understand what they were saying over all the screams.
Socrates could've saved himself a lot of trouble if he'd just brought a flashlight, tranquilizer gun, and a bunch of rescue harnesses.
The best hugs are probably from hagfish, which can extrude microscopic filaments that convert a huge volume of water around them to slime in seconds. Instant cozy blanket!
I don't know what's more telling--the number of pages in the Wikipedia talk page argument over whether the 1/87.0857143 scale is called "HO" or "H0", or the fact that within minutes of first hearing of it I had developed an extremely strong opinion on the issue.
'That was definitely not in my top three wishes.' 'Who said anything about YOUR wishes?'
I'm only willing to visit placid lakes, salt flats, and painting exhibits until the world's 3D technology improves.
My normal approach is useless here, too.
'So, uh, we did the green study again and got no link. It was probably a--' 'RESEARCH CONFLICTED ON GREEN JELLY BEAN/ACNE LINK; MORE STUDY RECOMMENDED!'
If it were a two or above I wouldn't be able to answer because it would mean a pause in the screaming.
'We can also use middle names in place of first pet's names, but yours is something incomprehensible about dropping tables.'
And given how much of my stuff they go through, they definitely know where I live.
$1600 / 1386153BR 3BATH, MODERN SLIDING DOORS, GUEST ROOMS, GARBAGE DISPOSAL. FREE MANDATORY PARKING (ENFORCED). CONVENIENT TO ALDERAAN.
Not shown: the approximately 30,000 identical, vaguely hysterical articles titled "WHITE PEOPLE IN [THE US/BRITAIN] TO BECOME MINORITY BY [YEAR]!", which came up for basically any year I put in.
If you've never had sex, this is what it feels like. Complete with the brief feeling of satisfaction, followed by ennui, followed by getting bored and trying to make it happen again.
You're a turtle!
For some reason, my childhood suspension of disbelief had no problem with the fact that this ancient galaxy is full of humans, but was derailed by language. There's no Asia OR Europe there, so where'd they get all the Indo-European roots?
If you're 15 or younger, then just remember that it's nevertheless probably too late to be a child prodigy.
Hell, my eighth grade science class managed to conclusively reject it just based on a classroom experiment. It's pretty sad to hear about million-dollar research teams who can't even manage that.
The universe is probably littered with the one-planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic decision that there's no good reason to go into space--each discovered, studied, and remembered by the ones who made the irrational decision.
I tell my children 'it's not whether you win or lose, it's how you play the game.' I'm trying to take the edge off their competitive drive to ensure that I can always beat them.
Space-time is like some simple and familiar system which is both intuitively understandable and precisely analogous, and if I were Richard Feynman I'd be able to come up with it.
Although not permanently.
Even governmental elevator inspectors get bored halfway through asking where the building office is.
Themistocles said his infant son ruled all Greece -- "Athens rules all Greece; I control Athens; my wife controls me; and my infant son controls her." Thus, nowadays the world is controlled by whoever buys advertising time on Dora the Explorer.
The Wikipedia page "List of Numbers" opens with "This list is incomplete; you can help by expanding it."
But to us there is but one God, plus or minus one. --1 Corinthians 8:62.
And the baby has a fever.
I wonder how often Patrick Stewart has Darmok flashbacks when talking to Star Trek fans.
Wikipedia trivia: if you take any article, click on the first link in the article text not in parentheses or italics, and then repeat, you will eventually end up at "Philosophy".
Also, all financial analysis. And, more directly, D&D.
New research shows over 60% of the financial collapse's toxic assets were created by power drills.
When advertisers figure this out, our only weapon will be blue sharpies and "[disputed]".
Every age: "I'm glad I'm not the clueless person I was five years ago, but now I don't want to get any older."
There's planned downtime every night when we turn on the Roomba and it runs over the cord.
Wait a minute. If I'm escaping from a submarine at 50 meters, then I'll *definitely* need a flashlight to find air pockets for gradual decompression on the way up. Time to start shopping professional dive lights.
This hostname is going in dozens of remote config files. Changing a kid's name is comparatively easy!
At my OLD school, we used Microsoft Encarta 2005.
I think you mean 'GNU Info Override'.
If you're a geologist or geophysicist and you don't introduce yourself by saying your name, then gesturing downward and saying "... and I study that", I don't know what you're doing with your life.
On the plus side, she wrote 'Welcome to the AAA Club!' in lipstick on the bathroom mirror, and left me a membership/roadside assistance card on the counter.
Our brains have just one scale, and we resize our experiences to fit.
The safe is empty except for an unsolved 5x5 Rubik's cube.
"This is the reference implementation of the self-referential joke."
On one hand, you'll never be able to convince your parents to switch. On the other hand, you'll never be able to convince your parents to switch!
Verbiage. Va-jay-jay. Irregardless.
This reminds me of that video where ... no? How have you not seen that? Oh man, let me find it. No, it's ok, we can go back to your video later.
You can arrange a pickup of your sword in Rivendell between the hours of noon and 7:00 PM.
I'm not saying it's all bad, but that movie has not aged as well as my teenage self in 2000 was confident it would.
The best thing about Strunk/White fanfiction is that it's virtually guaranteed to be well written.
I just can't wait for the Better Homes and Gardens list of helpful tips for household reuse of sixteen-inch acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene phalluses.
He holds the laptop like that on purpose, to make you cringe.
In a way, all vultures are Time Vultures; some just have more patience than others.
Fortunately, the charging one has been solved now that we've all standardized on mini-USB. Or is it micro-USB? Shit.
Even if the dictionaries are starting to give in, I refuse to accept 'octopi' as a word mainly because--I'm not making this up--there's a really satisfying climactic scene in the Orson Scott Card horror novel 'Lost Boys' which hinges on it being an incorrect pluralization.
'I was pretty good at skeet shooting, but was eventually kicked off the range for catching the clay pigeons in a net and dispatching them execution-style.'
Not pictured: the elongated Halley's-Comet-like orbit of every Rebecca Black lyric.
Each quarter of the lanes from left to right correspond loosely to breast cancer stages one through four (at diagnosis).
It was their main recruiting poster, hung nearly ten feet up a wall! This means the hackers have LADDER technology! Are we headed for a future where everyone has to pay $50 for one of those locked plexiglass poster covers? More after the break ...
I calculate that the electrons in radiation therapy hit you at 99.8% of the speed of light, and the beam used in a 90-second gamma ray therapy session could, if fired with less precision, kill a horse (they did not let me test this).
It's fun to watch browsers fumblingly recapitulate the history of window management. Someday we'll have xmonad as a Firefox extension.
The Street View van isn't going to find out anything Google won't already know from reading my email.
To anyone who understands information theory and security and is in an infuriating argument with someone who does not (possibly involving mixed case), I sincerely apologize.
The bug report was marked 'could not reproduce'.
'We're not sure how to wipe out the chimeral T-cells after they've destroyed the cancer. Though I do have this vial of smallpox ...'
'The Return of the Boomerang' would make a great movie title.
I felt so clever when I found a way to game the Fitocracy system by incorporating a set of easy but high-scoring activities into my regular schedule. Took me a bit to realize I'd been tricked into setting up a daily exercise routine.
I've looked at clouds from both sides now.
Later: 'Why is there a book hovering over the trash can?'
I'm as surprised as you!
After exhausting the OED, we started numbering them. When overlapping hurricanes formed at all points on the Earth's surface, and our scheme was foiled by Cantor diagonalization, we just decided to name them all "Steve". Your local forecast tomorrow is "Steve". Good luck.
You know I've always hated her.
My decal set has no adults, just a sea of hundreds of the little girl figures closing in around a single cat.
But Einstein said it was the most powerful force in the universe, and I take all my investment advice from flippant remarks by theoretical physicists making small talk at parties.
And they both react poorly to showers.
Every time you email a file to yourself so you can pull it up on your friend's laptop, Tim Berners-Lee sheds a single tear.
The Roanoke Lost Colonists founded Roanoke, the Franklin Expedition reached the Pacific in 2009 when the Northwest Passage opened, and Jimmy Hoffa currently heads the Teamsters Union--he just started going by 'James'.
And if you drive a typical car more than a mile out of your way for each penny you save on the per-gallon price, it doesn't matter how worthless your time is to you--the gas to get you there and back costs more than you save.
According to every stud finder I've tried to use, my walls contain a rapidly shifting network of hundreds and hundreds of studs.
If you get an 11/100 on a CS test, but you claim it should be counted as a 'C', they'll probably decide you deserve the upgrade.
Those few who escaped found the emergency cutoff box disabled. The stampede lasted two hours and reached the bottom three times.
I can't speak to the paper's scientific merits, but it's really cool how on page 10 you can see that their reference GPS beacon is sensitive enough to pick up continential drift under the detector (interrupted halfway through by an earthquake).
In the new edition of The Giving Tree, the tree uses social tools to share with its friend all the best places to buy things.
Funding was quickly restored to the NHC and the APA was taken back off hurricane forecast duty.
'Rating: 1/5. Room filled to brim with semen, and when front desk clerk opened mouth to talk, bedbugs poured out.'
For a thousand generations we vowed never to forget how his soldiers feasted on our brother Stephen.
Once you see it, you can't help seeing it every time. Until your body finishes metabolizing the mushrooms.
There's always the hope that if you sit and watch for long enough, the beachball will vanish and the thing it interrupted will return.
And no avian society ever develops space travel because it's impossible to focus on calculus when you could be outside flying.
Thomas Jefferson thought that every law and every constitution should be torn down and rewritten from scratch every nineteen years--which means X is overdue.
I was going to record an album with that cover under the name "PINK FTFY", so it'd come after them on the store CD rack. But at this point music stores are just rooms where CDs are set out to age before they're thrown away, so probably nobody would see it.
Of all the nations, the armies of the ununoctium-benders are probably the least intimidating. The xenon-benders come close, but their flickery signs are at least effective for propaganda.
The 'controlled demolition' theory was concocted by the government to distract us. '9/11 was an inside job' was an inside job!
Colorado is working to develop coherent amber waves, which would allow them to finally destroy Kansas and Nebraska with a devastating but majestic grain laser.
I wanna hold your hand so I don't fall out of your gyrocopter.
If you fire a Portal gun through the door of the wardrobe, space and time knot together, which leads to a frustrated Aslan trying to impart Christian morality to the Space sphere.
I hear in some places, you need one form of ID to buy a gun, but two to pay for it by check. It's interesting who has what incentives to care about what mistakes.
I just noticed CVS has started stocking homeopathic pills on the same shelves with--and labeled similarly to--their actual medicine. Telling someone who trusts you that you're giving them medicine, when you know youre not, because you want their money, isnt just lying--its like an example youd make up if you had to illustrate for a child why lying is wrong.
November marks the birthday of Charles Schulz, pioneer of tongue awareness.
If you identified with the kids from The Breakfast Club when it came out, you're now much closer to the age of Principal Vernon.
I find that when someone's taking time to do something right in the present, they're a perfectionist with no ability to prioritize, whereas when someone took time to do something right in the past, they're a master artisan of great foresight.
Type II Kardashev civilizations eventually completely enclose their planetary system in a Dyson sphere because space is way too big to look at all the time.
It only works a few times before you have to capsize the boat in a soap lagoon again.
What's that? You think I don't like the Peters map because I'm uncomfortable with having my cultural assumptions challenged?  Are you sure you're not ... ::puts on sunglasses:: ... projecting?
I just read a pop-science book by a respected author. One chapter, and much of the thesis, was based around wildly inaccurate data which traced back to ... Wikipedia. To encourage people to be on their toes, I'm not going to say what book or author.
All long help threads should have a sticky globally-editable post at the top saying 'DEAR PEOPLE FROM THE FUTURE: Here's what we've figured out so far ...'
There, I showed you it.
Eww, gross, you modified link()? How could you enjoy abusing a filesystem like that?
Proof of Zermelo's well-ordering theorem given the Axiom of Choice: 1: Take S to be any set. 2: When I reach step three, if S hasn't managed to find a well-ordering relation for itself, I'll feed it into this wood chipper. 3: Hey, look, S is well-ordered.
Eventual headline: 'University Researchers Create Life in Lab! Darkness, Faulty Condoms Blamed.'
The SLS head engineer plans to invite Shania Twain to stand under the completed prototype, then tell her, 'I don't expect you to date me just because I'm a rocket scientist, but you've gotta admit--this is pretty fucking impressive.'
Grayton also proposed making college scholarships available exclusively to sexually active teens, amnesty for illegal immigrants who create room for themselves by killing a citizen, and a graduated income tax based on penis size. He has been endorsed by Tracy Morgan, John Wilkes Booth's ghost, and the Time Cube guy.
I've always wondered whether you could drink slowly enough, and eliminate fast enough, that you just sort of peed continuously. But I'm afraid to try because I worry someone might call while I'm doing it and ask what I'm up to, and I won't be able to think of a lie.
The bunch of disadvantaged kids I was tutoring became too good at writing, and their essays were forcing me to confront painful existential questions, so I started trying to turn them on to drugs and crime instead.
An 'American tradition' is anything that happened to a baby boomer twice.
'Welcome to the future! Nothing's changed.' was the slogan of my astonishingly short-lived tech startup.
The high I feel when I actually remember to bring my reusable bags to the store--and take them inside rather than leaving them in the parked car--can last for days.
We could go to the theater across town and see if it's opened THERE yet, but we don't want to lose our place in line.
'Sailor Moon's head exploded once' and 'Some men have explosive orgasms' both work for the Great Lakes from west to east (Paddle-to-the-Sea order).
Legally-mandated information would be printed on the back or discreetly along the bottom. In small letters under the nutrition information it would say 'Like our products? Visit our website!' There would be no URL.
I think you could get up to about 11:59:57 before you'd have trouble swallowing the chocolates fast enough. At that point, you'd need some kind of a liquify-and-chug apparatus to get up over the 11:59:59 barrier. Anyway, Merry Christmas!
Plus they take like 9%.
Favorite mastectomy breast prosthesis idea: a fake boob containing a spare rechargable battery, accessed via a nipple USB port. Complete with a ring of LED charge indicators in the areola!
You can't stab Carl Kasell. He sounds all slow and stentorian, but he moves like a snake.
To compensate for this, I plan to spend 2013 doing nothing but talking about Mayans. My relationships with my friends and family may not fare well.
If you're lying in bed tonight and you see yellow eyes glinting in your window, are you being stalked by a puma, a mountain lion, a panther, a catamount, or a cougar? Trick question--in North America, they're all names for the same species, Puma concolor! Isn't learning fun? Anyway, sleep tight!
Thank you for making me feel less alone.
'ARE YOU TURNED ON YET?' 'I DON'T THINK SO--ARE YOU?' 'MAYBE A LITTLE!' 'OK, FIVE MORE MINUTES.'
The top computer champion at Seven Minutes in Heaven is a Honda-built Realdoll, but to date it has been unable to outperform the human Seven Minutes in Heaven champion, Ken Jennings.
Abel and Steve would've been fine! I like Steve!
I'm really worried Christopher Nolan will kill a man dressed like a bat in his next movie. (The man will be dressed like a bat, I mean. Christopher Nolan won't be, probably.)
In protest of SOPA, I'm currently getting totally blacked out.
Roger Ebert once called you directionless and unwatchable.
Though 100 years is longer than a lot of our resources.
Suckville is considered by the Census Bureau to be part of the Detroit metropolitan statistical area, despite not being located anywhere near Detroit.
If you're annoying enough, you can get them to respond with an involuntary second sigh and get a rhythm going.
'I can't believe I'm saying this, but I wish Aquaman were here instead--HE'D be able to help.'
I've been trying for a couple years now but I haven't been able to come up with a name dumber than 'Renesmee'.
Hi! Someone call for me? I'm a superhero who specializes in the study of God's creation of Man in the Book of Genesi-- HOLY SHIT A GIANT BUG!
You will be led to judgement like lambs to the slaughter--a simile whose existence, I might add, will not do your species any favors.
Or if you replace your car, we'll be happy to set it on fire again so you can take another crack at getting that shot.
I have never been as self-conscious about my handwriting as when I was inking in the caption for this comic.
The worst resolution to the Valentine Prisoner's Dilemma when YOU decide not to give your partner a present but your PARTNER decides to testify against you in the armed robbery case.
People tell me I have too much time on my hands, but really the problem is that there's too much time, PERIOD.
NOW INVENT AN IMPOSSIBLE-TO-TRANSLATE LANGUAGE AND USE IT TO TELL US WHERE THE MONEY IS.
'Nuh-uh! We let users vote on comments and display them by number of votes. Everyone knows that makes it impossible for a few persistent voices to dominate the discussion.'
Also on the agenda: what's with his hips?
The investor elevator pitch is "Wheeeeeeee! Elevators are fun!"
'Come to what?' 'You. Me. This moment.'
Then it switched to these old black-and-white tapes of Bob Ross slumped against the wall of an empty room, painting the least happy trees you've ever seen. Either PBS needs to beef up studio security or I need to stop using Ambien to sleep.
It has a section on motherboard beep codes that lists, for each beep pattern, a song that syncs up well with it.
Dot Tumblr Dot Com, on the other hand, would be an awful name for a band, if only because of how hard it would be to direct people to your band's website.
Frankly, I see no difference between thee and a summer's day. Only Ron Paul offers a TRUE alternative!
Son, don't try to play 'make you feel bad' with the Michael Jordan of making you feel bad.
Anyone who says that they're great at communicating but 'people are bad at listening' is confused about how communication works.
Screw these 36-degree angles. I'm converting to Judaism.
I was sure he was just getting revenge, but then he did the same thing to Carrie Underwood. Then he mailed me a scone. I think I'm giving up dating.
Problem Exists Between Leopard And Chair
Our company is agile and lean with a focus on the long tail. Ok, our company is actually a polecat I found in my backyard.
Note that this implies you should NOT honk solely because I stopped for a pedestrian and you're behind me.
The only post to achieve perfect balance between the four was a hilarious joke about Mark Zuckerberg getting caught using a pseudonym to sneak past the TSA.
When they moved production from New Zealand to the UK and switched from the runny white centers to the thick, frosting-like filling, it got way harder to cook them scrambled.
I plugged in this lamp and my dog went rigid, spoke a sentence of perfect Akkadian, and then was hurled sideways through the picture window. Even worse, it's one of those lamps where the switch is on the cord.
Umwelt is the idea that because their senses pick up on different things, different animals in the same ecosystem actually live in very different worlds. Everything about you shapes the world you inhabit--from your ideology to your glasses prescription to your web browser.
Implausible, did you say? Sorry, couldn't quite hear you from all the way up heeeeeeeeere!
Bruce Schneier believes safewords are fundamentally insecure and recommends that you ask your partner to stop via public key signature.
James Cameron has said that he didn't know its song would be so beautiful. He didn't close the door in time. He's sorry.
Don't fire until you see through the fragile facade to the human being within.
I'll never forget you--at least, the parts of you that were important red flags.
Plus the reaction in the Tumblverse is always 'repeatedly get hit by a dog and fall down the stairs'.
Charlie actually delivered the Medicare line almost verbatim in the 1971 movie's Fizzy Lifting Drink scene, but it was ultimately cut from the final release.
[title-text similarly alphabetized]
'YOUR CLOTHES. GIVE THEM TO ME.' 'Shit, uh ... you are now breathing manually!' 'I AM ALWAYS BREATHING MANUALLY.'
Two tips: 1) 8675309 is not just prime, it's a twin prime, and 2) if you ever find yourself raising log(anything)^e or taking the pi-th root of anything, set down the marker and back away from the whiteboard; something has gone horribly wrong.
Fortunately, the internet has a virtually inexhaustible supply of code that doesn't work and people who are wrong, which bodes well for a return to normalcy. [Note: Click to read context for the cancer comics. She's doing well.]
I had a hard time with Ayn Rand because I found myself enthusiastically agreeing with the first 90% of every sentence, but getting lost at 'therefore, be a huge asshole to everyone.'
The only things you HAVE to know are how to make enough of a living to stay alive and how to get your taxes done. All the fun parts of life are optional.
I hate when I read something like '... tension among the BASE jumpers nearly led to wingsuit combat ...', and I get excited because 'wingsuit combat' is underlined, only to find that it's just separate links to the 'wingsuit' and 'combat' articles.
Someday I'll be the first to get a Ph. D in 'Undeclared'.
Saying 'what kind of an idiot doesn't know about the Yellowstone supervolcano' is so much more boring than telling someone about the Yellowstone supervolcano for the first time.
Normally pronounced 'THEH-buh-kon', I assume.
If you pledge more than $50 you'll get on the VIP list and have first dibs on a slot on ANY of the pledge levels in the actual campaign.
'Smilodon fatalis' narrowly edged out 'Tyrannosaurus rex' to win this year's Most Badass Latin Names competition, after edging out 'Dracorex hogwartsia' and 'Stygimoloch spinifer' (meaning 'horned dragon from the river of death') in the semifinals.
Though please do confirm that it's actually *me* on Klout first, and not one of my friends trying to get me punched. The great thing about this douchebag deadman switch is that I will never dare trigger it.
You were on the internet before I was born? Well, so was I.
Aaron Sorkin has been tapped to write the TV movie about the aging prince's eventual election to Pat Toomey's Senate seat, currently titled either 'FRESHman Senator' or 'Mr. Smith Goes to Washington'.
We don't sell products; we sell the marketplace. And by 'sell the marketplace' we mean 'play shooters, sometimes for upwards of 20 hours straight.'
The month names are the same, except that the fourth month only has the name 'April' in even-numbered years, and is otherwise unnamed.
I will vote, no questions asked, for any candidate who describes themselves as 'more of a deficit sugar glider.'
Revised directive: It is forbidden for you to interfere with human history until you've at least taken a class on it.
FYI: I'll be releasing a wolf into a randomly-chosen front yard sometime in the next 30 years. Now your fear is reasonable, and you don't need to feel embarrassed anymore. Problem solved!
I *do* hear that they're the most comfortable thing to wear on your feet since sliced bread.
During the second semester, the path is briefly routed through the dishwasher.
Everyone's caught by surprise when a theory of quantum gravity is developed by a sound technician wearing patent leather shoes while editing Clerks II.
Although the Markov chain-style text model is still rudimentary; it recently gave me "Massachusetts Institute of America". Although I have to admit it sounds prestigious.
Do I get to remove letters entirely? Or just rearrange them? Because the 'k/c' situation is ridiculous. Look, we can make out whenever. This is *immortality*!
If things are too quiet, try asking a couple of friends whether "a couple" should always mean "two". As with the question of how many spaces should go after a period, it can turn acrimonious surprisingly fast unless all three of them agree.
Planets are turning out to be so common that to show all the planets in our galaxy, this chart would have to be nested in itself--with each planet replaced by a copy of the chart--at least three levels deep.
Hey, man, the 1670s called. They were like 'Wherefore this demonic instrument? By what sorcery does it produce such sounds?"
Of the two Garfields, you wouldn't think the cat would turn out to be the more compelling presidential speechwriter, but there you go.
Ok, so Spirit and Opportunity are pretty awesome. And Kepler. And New Horizons, Cassini, Curiosity, TiME, and Project M. But c'mon, if the Earth were a basketball, in 40 years no human's been more than half an inch from the surface.
Also possibly several miles beyond that.
If you closely examine the cosmic background radiation, you can pick up lingering echoes of 'I Got You Babe'.
Lifehacking!
